docs/book/src/reentrancy/index.md, before:

# Reentrancy Guard Library

The Reentrancy Guard Library provides an API to check for and disallow reentrancy on a contract. A reentrancy attack happens when a function is externally invoked during its execution, allowing it to be run multiple times in a single transaction.

The reentrancy check is used to check if a contract ID has been called more than
once in the current call stack.

A reentrancy, or "recursive call" attack can cause some functions to behave in unexpected ways. This can be prevented by asserting a contract has not yet been called in the current transaction. An example can be found [here](https://swcregistry.io/docs/SWC-107).

For implementation details on the Reentrancy Guard Library please see the [Sway Libs Docs](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway-libs/master/sway_libs/reentrancy/index.html).

## Known Issues

While this can protect against both single-function reentrancy and cross-function reentrancy attacks, it WILL NOT PREVENT a cross-contract reentrancy attack.

## Importing the Reentrancy Guard Library

In order to use the Reentrancy Guard library, Sway Libs must be added to the `Forc.toml` file and then imported into your Sway project. To add Sway Libs as a dependency to the `Forc.toml` file in your project please see the [Getting Started](../getting_started/index.md).

To import the Reentrancy Guard Library to your Sway Smart Contract, add the following to your Sway file:

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/reentrancy/src/main.sw:import}}
```

## Basic Functionality

Once imported, using the Reentrancy Library can be done by calling one of the two functions:

- `is_reentrant() -> bool`
- `reentrancy_guard()`

### Using the Reentrancy Guard

Once imported, using the Reentrancy Guard Library can be used by calling the `reentrancy_guard()` in your Sway Smart Contract. The following shows a Sway Smart Contract that applies the Reentrancy Guard Library:

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/reentrancy/src/main.sw:reentrancy_guard}}
```

### Checking Reentrancy Status

To check if the current caller is a reentrant, you may call the `is_reentrant()` function.

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/reentrancy/src/main.sw:is_reentrant}}
```

Commit message:

Release v0.24.1 (#316)
## [Version 0.24.1]

### Added v0.24.1

- [#309](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-libs/pull/309) Adds fallback
function test cases to the Reentrancy Guard Library.
- [#310](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-libs/pull/310) Adds proxy
tests cases to the Reentrancy Guard Library.

### Changed v0.24.1

- [#305](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-libs/pull/305) Updates to forc
`v0.66.2`, fuel-core `v0.40.0`, and fuels-rs `v0.66.9`.
- [#306](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-libs/pull/306) Updates the
SRC-7 naming to Onchain Native Asset Metadata Standard.
- [#308](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-libs/pull/308) Removes
comments on Cross-Contract Reentrancy vulnerability.
- [#314](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-libs/pull/314) Prepares for
the v0.24.1 release.

### Fixed v0.24.1

- [#297](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-libs/pull/297) Fixes docs
anchor in basic SRC-7 example.
- [#298](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-libs/pull/298) Fixes the
README headers on Upgradability Libraries from an `h2` to an `h4`.
- [#302](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-libs/pull/302) Fixes typos in
documentation.
- [#303](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-libs/pull/304) Fixes links in
the Upgradability Library documenation.
- [#311](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-libs/pull/311) Fixes links in
README.

#### Breaking v0.24.1

- None

docs/book/src/reentrancy/index.md, after:

# Reentrancy Guard Library

The Reentrancy Guard Library provides an API to check for and disallow reentrancy on a contract. A reentrancy attack happens when a function is externally invoked during its execution, allowing it to be run multiple times in a single transaction.

The reentrancy check is used to check if a contract ID has been called more than once in the current call stack.

A reentrancy, or "recursive call" attack can cause some functions to behave in unexpected ways. This can be prevented by asserting a contract has not yet been called in the current transaction. An example can be found [here](https://swcregistry.io/docs/SWC-107).

For implementation details on the Reentrancy Guard Library please see the [Sway Libs Docs](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway-libs/master/sway_libs/reentrancy/index.html).

## Importing the Reentrancy Guard Library

In order to use the Reentrancy Guard library, Sway Libs must be added to the `Forc.toml` file and then imported into your Sway project. To add Sway Libs as a dependency to the `Forc.toml` file in your project please see the [Getting Started](../getting_started/index.md).

To import the Reentrancy Guard Library to your Sway Smart Contract, add the following to your Sway file:

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/reentrancy/src/main.sw:import}}
```

## Basic Functionality

Once imported, using the Reentrancy Library can be done by calling one of the two functions:

- `is_reentrant() -> bool`
- `reentrancy_guard()`

### Using the Reentrancy Guard

Once imported, using the Reentrancy Guard Library can be used by calling the `reentrancy_guard()` in your Sway Smart Contract. The following shows a Sway Smart Contract that applies the Reentrancy Guard Library:

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/reentrancy/src/main.sw:reentrancy_guard}}
```

### Checking Reentrancy Status

To check if the current caller is a reentrant, you may call the `is_reentrant()` function.

```sway
{{#include ../../../../examples/reentrancy/src/main.sw:is_reentrant}}
```

## Cross Contract Reentrancy

Cross-Contract Reentrancy is not possible on Fuel due to the use of Native Assets. As such, no contract calls are performed when assets are transferred. However standard security practices when relying on other contracts for state should still be applied, especially when making external calls.
