docs/book/src/index.md, before:

# Sway Libraries

The purpose of Sway Libraries is to contain libraries which users can import and use that are not part of the standard library.

There are several types of libraries that Sway Libs encompasses. These include libraries that provide convenience functions, [Sway-Standards](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-standards) supporting libraries, data type libraries, security functionality libraries, and other tools valuable to blockchain development.

For implementation details on the libraries please see the [Sway Libs Docs](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway-libs/master/sway_libs/).

## Assets Libraries

Asset Libraries are any libraries that use [Native Assets](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/sway/blockchain-development/native_assets) on the Fuel Network.

### [Asset Library](./asset/index.md)

The [Asset](./asset/index.md) Library provides helper functions for the [SRC-20](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/sway-standards/src-20-native-asset/), [SRC-3](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/sway-standards/src-3-minting-and-burning/), and [SRC-7](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/sway-standards/src-7-asset-metadata/) standards.

## Access Control and Security Libraries

Access Control and Security Libraries are any libraries that are built and intended to provide additional safety when developing smart contracts.

### [Ownership Library](./ownership/index.md)

The [Ownership](./ownership/index.md) Library is used to apply restrictions on functions such that only a **single** user may call them.

### [Admin Library](./admin/index.md)

The [Admin](./admin/index.md) Library is used to apply restrictions on functions such that only a select few users may call them like a whitelist.

### [Pausable Library](./pausable/index.md)

The [Pausable](./pausable/index.md) Library allows contracts to implement an emergency stop mechanism.

### [Reentrancy Guard Library](./reentrancy/index.md)

The [Reentrancy Guard](./reentrancy/index.md) Library is used to detect and prevent reentrancy attacks.

## Cryptography Libraries

Cryptography Libraries are any libraries that provided cryptographic functionality beyond what the std-lib provides.

### [Bytecode Library](./bytecode/index.md)

The [Bytecode](./bytecode/index.md) Library is used for on-chain verification and computation of bytecode roots for contracts and predicates.

### [Merkle Library](./merkle/index.md)

The [Merkle Proof](./merkle/index.md) Library is used to verify Binary Merkle Trees computed off-chain.

## Math Libraries

Math Libraries are libraries which provide mathematic functions or number types that are outside of the std-lib's scope.

### [Signed Integers](./signed_integers/index.md)

The [Signed Integers](./signed_integers/index.md) Library is an interface to implement signed integers.

## Data Structures Libraries

Data Structure Libraries are libraries which provide complex data structures which unlock additional functionality for Smart Contracts.

### [Queue](./queue/index.md)

The [Queue](./queue/index.md) Library is a linear data structure that provides First-In-First-Out (FIFO) operations.

## Upgradability Libraries

Upgradability Libraries are libraries which provide functions to implement contract upgrades.

### [Upgradability](./upgradability/index.md)

The [Upgradability](./upgradability/index.md) Library provides functions that can be used to implement contract upgrades via simple upgradable proxies.

Commit message:

Introduce Big Integers Library (#326)
## Type of change

<!--Delete points that do not apply-->

- New Library

## Changes

The following changes have been made:

- Introduces the Big Integers Library with the `BigUint` type

The `BigUint` type has the following functions:
- `new()`
- `equal_limb_size()`
- `number_of_limbs()`
- `limbs()`
- `get_limb()`
- `zero()`
- `is_zero()`

The following traits are implemented for the `BigUint` type:

- `Clone`
- `From<u8>`
- `TryInto<u8>`
- `From<u16>`
- `TryInto<u16>`
- `From<u32>`
- `TryInto<u32>`
- `From<u64>`
- `TryInto<u64>`
- `From<U128>`
- `TryInto<U128>`
- `From<u256>`
- `TryInto<u256>`
- `From<Bytes>`
- `Into<Bytes>`
- `Eq`
- `Ord`
- `OrdEq`
- `Add`
- `Multiply`
- `Subtract`

## Notes

- Until this PR is merged, CI link check will error with:
``` 
ERROR: 1 dead links found!
  [✖] https://fuellabs.github.io/sway-libs/master/sway_libs/bigint/index.html → Status: 404 
```

## Checklist

- [x] I have linked to any relevant issues.
- [x] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand
areas.
- [x] I have updated the documentation where relevant (API docs, the
reference, and the Sway book).
- [x] If my change requires substantial documentation changes, I have
[requested support from the DevRel
team](https://github.com/FuelLabs/devrel-requests/issues/new/choose)
- [x] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my
feature works.
- [x] I have added (or requested a maintainer to add) the necessary
`Breaking*` or `New Feature` labels where relevant.
- [x] I have done my best to ensure that my PR adheres to [the Fuel Labs
Code Review
Standards](https://github.com/FuelLabs/rfcs/blob/master/text/code-standards/external-contributors.md).
- [x] I have requested a review from the relevant team or maintainers.
- [x] I have updated the changelog to reflect the changes on this PR.

docs/book/src/index.md, after:

# Sway Libraries

The purpose of Sway Libraries is to contain libraries which users can import and use that are not part of the standard library.

There are several types of libraries that Sway Libs encompasses. These include libraries that provide convenience functions, [Sway-Standards](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-standards) supporting libraries, data type libraries, security functionality libraries, and other tools valuable to blockchain development.

For implementation details on the libraries please see the [Sway Libs Docs](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway-libs/master/sway_libs/).

## Assets Libraries

Asset Libraries are any libraries that use [Native Assets](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/sway/blockchain-development/native_assets) on the Fuel Network.

### [Asset Library](./asset/index.md)

The [Asset](./asset/index.md) Library provides helper functions for the [SRC-20](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/sway-standards/src-20-native-asset/), [SRC-3](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/sway-standards/src-3-minting-and-burning/), and [SRC-7](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/sway-standards/src-7-asset-metadata/) standards.

## Access Control and Security Libraries

Access Control and Security Libraries are any libraries that are built and intended to provide additional safety when developing smart contracts.

### [Ownership Library](./ownership/index.md)

The [Ownership](./ownership/index.md) Library is used to apply restrictions on functions such that only a **single** user may call them.

### [Admin Library](./admin/index.md)

The [Admin](./admin/index.md) Library is used to apply restrictions on functions such that only a select few users may call them like a whitelist.

### [Pausable Library](./pausable/index.md)

The [Pausable](./pausable/index.md) Library allows contracts to implement an emergency stop mechanism.

### [Reentrancy Guard Library](./reentrancy/index.md)

The [Reentrancy Guard](./reentrancy/index.md) Library is used to detect and prevent reentrancy attacks.

## Cryptography Libraries

Cryptography Libraries are any libraries that provided cryptographic functionality beyond what the std-lib provides.

### [Bytecode Library](./bytecode/index.md)

The [Bytecode](./bytecode/index.md) Library is used for on-chain verification and computation of bytecode roots for contracts and predicates.

### [Merkle Library](./merkle/index.md)

The [Merkle Proof](./merkle/index.md) Library is used to verify Binary Merkle Trees computed off-chain.

## Math Libraries

Math Libraries are libraries which provide mathematic functions or number types that are outside of the std-lib's scope.

### [Signed Integers](./signed_integers/index.md)

The [Signed Integers](./signed_integers/index.md) Library is an interface to implement signed integers.

### [Big Integers](./bigint/index.md)

The [Big Integers](./bigint/index.md) Library is an interface to implement extremely large integers.

## Data Structures Libraries

Data Structure Libraries are libraries which provide complex data structures which unlock additional functionality for Smart Contracts.

### [Queue](./queue/index.md)

The [Queue](./queue/index.md) Library is a linear data structure that provides First-In-First-Out (FIFO) operations.

## Upgradability Libraries

Upgradability Libraries are libraries which provide functions to implement contract upgrades.

### [Upgradability](./upgradability/index.md)

The [Upgradability](./upgradability/index.md) Library provides functions that can be used to implement contract upgrades via simple upgradable proxies.
