sway_libs/src/merkle_proof/README.md, before:

# Overview

Merkle trees allow for on-chain verification of off-chain data. With the merkle root posted on-chain, the generation of proofs off-chain can provide verifibly true data. 

More information can be found in the [specification](./SPECIFICATION.md).

## Known Issues

Due to the Fuel VM padding of copy types smaller than one word, the current hashing of the leaf and node values do not match RFC-6962. The present implementation is the equavalent of hashing a `u64` as opposed to the standard `u8`. As a result, hashing of smaller sized copy types may result in unexpected behavior. For example, the `sha-256(0u8)` will result in the same hash as `sha-256(0u64)`. This will cause an incompatability with the [Fuel-Merkle](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-merkle) repository. The issue regarding this can be tracked [here](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/issues/2594).

# Using the Library

## Using the Merkle Proof Library In Sway

Once imported, using the Merkle Proof library is as simple as calling the desired function. Here is a list of function definitions that you may use:

- `leaf_digest(data: b256) -> b256`
- `node_digest(left: b256, right: b256) -> b256`
- `process_proof(key: u64, merkle_leaf: b256, num_leaves: u64, proof: [b256; 2]) -> b256`
- `verify_proof(key: u64, merkle_leaf: b256, merkle_root: b256, num_leaves: u64, proof: [b256; 2]) -> bool`

> **Note** Fuels-rs does not currently does not support the Sway standard library's `vec` as a function argument. As a result, the current implementation uses an array. 

## Using the Merkle Proof Library in Fuels-rs

To generate a Merkle Tree and corresponding proof for your Sway Smart Contract, use the [Fuel-Merkle](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-merkle) crate. 

### Importing Into Your Project

The import the Fuel-Merkle crate, the following should be added to the project's `Cargo.toml` file under `[dependencies]`:

```
fuel-merkle = { version = "0.3" }
```

### Importing Into Your Rust File

The following should be added to your Rust file to use the Fuel-Merkle crate.

```rust
use fuel_merkle::binary::in_memory::MerkleTree;
```

### Using Fuel-Merkle

#### Generating A Tree

To create a merkle tree using Fuel-Merkle is as simple as pushing your leaves in increasing order. 

```rust
let mut tree = MerkleTree::new();
let leaves = ["A".as_bytes(), "B".as_bytes(), "C".as_bytes()].to_vec();
for datum in leaves.iter() {
    tree.push(datum);
}
```

#### Generating And Verifying A Proof

To generate a proof for a specific leaf, you must have the index or key of the leaf. Simply call the prove function:

```rust
let mut proof = tree.prove(key).unwrap();
```

Once the proof has been generated, you may call the Sway Smart Contract's `verify_proof` function:

```rust
let merkle_root = proof.0;
let merkle_leaf = proof.1[0];
proof.1.remove(0);
contract_instance.verify_proof(key, merkle_leaf, merkle_root, num_leaves, proof.1).call().await;
```

Commit message:

More README and SPECIFICATION updates

sway_libs/src/merkle_proof/README.md, after:

# Overview

Merkle trees allow for on-chain verification of off-chain data. With the merkle root posted on-chain, the generation of proofs off-chain can provide verifibly true data. 

More information can be found in the [specification](./SPECIFICATION.md).

## Known Issues

Due to the Fuel VM padding of copy types smaller than one word, the current hashing of the leaf and node values do not match RFC-6962. The present implementation is the equavalent of hashing a `u64` as opposed to the standard `u8`. As a result, hashing of smaller sized copy types may result in unexpected behavior. For example, the `sha-256(0u8)` will result in the same hash as `sha-256(0u64)`. This will cause an incompatability with the [Fuel-Merkle](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-merkle) repository. The issue regarding this can be tracked [here](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway/issues/2594).

# Using the Library

## Using the Merkle Proof Library In Sway

Once imported, using the Merkle Proof library is as simple as calling the desired function. Here is a list of function definitions that you may use. For more information please see the [specification](./SPECIFICATION.md).

- `leaf_digest(data: b256) -> b256`
- `node_digest(left: b256, right: b256) -> b256`
- `process_proof(key: u64, merkle_leaf: b256, num_leaves: u64, proof: [b256; 2]) -> b256`
- `verify_proof(key: u64, merkle_leaf: b256, merkle_root: b256, num_leaves: u64, proof: [b256; 2]) -> bool`

> **Note** Fuels-rs does not currently does not support the Sway standard library's `vec` as a function argument. As a result, the current implementation uses an array. 

## Using the Merkle Proof Library in Fuels-rs

To generate a Merkle Tree and corresponding proof for your Sway Smart Contract, use the [Fuel-Merkle](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-merkle) crate. 

### Importing Into Your Project

The import the Fuel-Merkle crate, the following should be added to the project's `Cargo.toml` file under `[dependencies]`:

```
fuel-merkle = { version = "0.3" }
```

### Importing Into Your Rust File

The following should be added to your Rust file to use the Fuel-Merkle crate.

```rust
use fuel_merkle::binary::in_memory::MerkleTree;
```

### Using Fuel-Merkle

#### Generating A Tree

To create a merkle tree using Fuel-Merkle is as simple as pushing your leaves in increasing order. 

```rust
let mut tree = MerkleTree::new();
let leaves = ["A".as_bytes(), "B".as_bytes(), "C".as_bytes()].to_vec();
for datum in leaves.iter() {
    tree.push(datum);
}
```

#### Generating And Verifying A Proof

To generate a proof for a specific leaf, you must have the index or key of the leaf. Simply call the prove function:

```rust
let mut proof = tree.prove(key).unwrap();
```

Once the proof has been generated, you may call the Sway Smart Contract's `verify_proof` function:

```rust
let merkle_root = proof.0;
let merkle_leaf = proof.1[0];
proof.1.remove(0);
contract_instance.verify_proof(key, merkle_leaf, merkle_root, num_leaves, proof.1).call().await;
```
